java c PACC6008: Business Decision Making Trimester 3, 2024: Assignment 1 Due Date:  24 October 2024, Thursday, 23.59 SGT Assessment Weight: 20% Task: This assessment is an individual task in which the student is required to write a report on a topic included in this paper. Total Marks: 20 marks (20% of total assessment). Reading Materials: Week 1 to Week 6. Submission: Online submission through Turnitin. Guidelines Individual AssignmentPurpose: The purpose of this assignment requires you to understand: the population  sample, identify the variable type, produce and interpret descriptive and inferential statistics and employ various graphical techniques to conduct quantitative research. Summary: The summary ofthe individual assignment information as follows:Assessment 1:Individual Assignment Marks:20 Length:At most 1000 words excluding tables graphsandDue date:Week 7 (24 October 2024)

Submission Information: INDIVIDUAL assignment has been designed for submission in Week 7 to provide you an opportunity to get marks during the  earlier part of the semester. It is to be submitted in TURNITIN on Thursday 24 October 2024 (Week 7). Assignment Format: The maximum word count for this assignment is 1000 words. It must be word-processed in either Times New Roman 12 or Arial font 12, and 1.5 spaced with a footer including your name, student ID and page number. Checklist for your submission: (1) A softcopy is submitted through Turnitin. Note that it is each student’s responsibility to keep a copy of each assessment task submitted. PROBLEM

Suppose Researcher A is assigned a research task to examine United States (US) companies’ financial performance and response status to CDP questionnaire in 2022.   He   randomly    chose   500    companies   and    collected   the    companies’ information from DataStream Database. Please see the data file. (1) What is the population Researcher A is interested in? (1 mark) (2) Identify the types of variables in the dataset. (1 mark) (3) Use   Microsoft   Excel   to   conduct   and   present   the   appropri代 写PACC6008: Business Decision Making Trimester 3, 2024: Assignment 1C/C++ 代做程序编程语言ate graphic and descriptive results  on  each  of  the  following  variables: Industry, Revenue, and Direct GHG Emissions, interpret and analyze these descriptive results, and prepare a summary report. (3 marks) (4) Suppose Researcher A also conducted the same research in 2020, the proportion of companies that answered CDP questionnaire was 0.69 in 2020. He would like to  know  if  this   proportion   of  companies   answering   CDP   questionnaire  has increased. You are required to: (4 marks) Establish the null and alternative hypotheses Identify the appropriate test Produce the test results using Microsoft Excel Write a short report based on your analysis of results (5) Suppose  Researcher  A  also  conducted  the  same  research  in  2020,  the  average return  on  assets  (ROA)  was  0.08  in  2020.  He  would  like  to  know  whether  the average ROA has changed. You are required to: (4 marks) Establish the null and alternative hypotheses Identify the appropriate test Produce the test results using Microsoft Excel Write a short report based on your analysis of results (6) Suppose   Researcher  A  wants  to   examine   whether   the   average   profitability (measured as ROA) of Industry 1 is significantly different from that of Industry 2. He  conducted  analysis  based  on  a  sample  of  companies  from  Industry   1  and Industry 2 in the data file. (Note: You need to replace Industry 1 and Industry 2 with real Industry first, for example, Communication Services and Energy). You are required to: (7  Marks) Identify population(s) Researcher A is interested in Based on the above subsample you selected, produce results using Microsoft Excel,   conduct  your  analyses  following  detailed  steps  for HYPOTHESIS TESTING AND ESTIMATION method and summarize your results in a report. For example, you need to establish null and alternative hypotheses, identify the  appropriate  tests,  produce  results,  interpret  and  analyse  your  results based on appropriate statistics, and prepare a short report on them.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
